Stop using deprecated call to FindObjectsOfType with Unity 23.1+ (ABC-391) (#543)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.formats.alembic: com.unity.formats.alembic/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Fixed

> - Prevent warnings related to FindObjectOfType<> calls on package installation with Unity 23.1+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prevent warnings related to FindObjectOfType<> calls on package installation with Unity Editor 2023.1+.
```
